the hand of the Lord came upon me and
brought me out in the Spirit of the Lord
and set me down in the midst of the
valley and it was full of bones
then he caused me to pass by them all
around and behold there were very many
in the open valley and indeed they were
very dry and he said to me
son of man can these bones live Oh Lord
God you know
prophesy to these bones and say to them
Oh dry bones hear the word of the Lord
thus says the Lord God to these bones
surely I will cause breath to enter into
you and you shall live I will put sinews
on you and bring flesh upon you cover
you with skin and put breath in you and
you shall live then you shall know that
I am
so I prophesied as I was commanded and
as I prophesied there was a noise and
suddenly a rattling and the bones came
together bone to bone
indeed as I looked the sinews and the
flesh came upon them and the skin
covered them over but there was no
breath in them prophesy to the breath
prophesy Son of Man and say to the
breath thus says the Lord God come from
the four winds o breath and breathe on
these slain that they may live so i
prophesied as he commanded me and breath
came into them and they lived and stood
upon their feet an exceedingly great
army son of man these bones are the
whole house of Israel they indeed say
our bones are dry hope is lost and we
ourselves are cut off their form
prophesied and say to them thus says the
Lord God behold O my people I will open
your graves and cause you to come out
from your graves and bring you into the
land of Israel
then you shall know that I am the Lord
when I have opened your graves o my
people and brought you up from your
graves I will put my spirit in you and
you shall live and I will place you in
your own land then you shall know that I
the Lord
have spoken it and performed it as for
you son of man take a stick for yourself
and write on it for Judah and for the
children of Israel his companions then
take another stick and write on it for
Joseph the stick of Ephraim and for all
the house of Israel his companions then
joined them one to another for yourself
into one stick and they will become one
in your hand and when the children of
your people speak to you saying will you
not show us what you mean by these say
to them thus says the Lord God surely I
will take the stick of Joseph which is
in the hand of Ephraim and the tribes of
Israel his companions and I will join
them with it
with the stick of Judah and make them
one stick and they will be one in my
hand and the sticks on which you write
will be in your hand before their eyes
then say to them thus says the Lord God
surely I will take the children of
Israel from among the nations wherever
they have gone and will gather them from
every side and bring them into their own
lamp
I will make them one nation in the land
on the mountains of Israel and one king
shall be king over them all they shall
no longer be two nations nor shall they
ever be divided into two kingdoms again
they shall not defile themselves any
more with their idols nor with their
detestable things nor with any of their
transgressions but I will deliver them
from all their dwelling places in which
they have sinned and will cleanse them
then they shall be my people and I will
be their God David my servant shall be
king over them and they shall all have
one Shepherd they shall also walk in my
judgments and observe my statutes and do
them then they shall dwell in the land
that I have given to Jacob my servant
where your father's dwelt and they shall
dwell there they their children and
their children's children forever and my
servant David shall be their Prince for
ever
moreover I will make a covenant of peace
with them and it shall be an everlasting
covenant with
I will establish them and multiply them
and I will set my sanctuary in their
midst forevermore my tabernacle also
shall be with them indeed I will be
their God and they shall be my people
the nations also will know that I the
LORD sanctify Israel when my sanctuary
is in their midst
forever moon
[Music]
you